We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them. by Albert Einstein
Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow. by  Mahatma Gandhi
Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too. by  Mark Twain
When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out.by  Eleanor Roosevelt
When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world. by Norman Vincent Peale
It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. by Walter Anderson
Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.by Diane McLaren
Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it. by  Henry David Thoreau
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. by Dale Carnegie
There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind. by Mister Rogers
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable. by John Wooden
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it. by Estée Lauder
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.  W. P. Kinsella
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. by  Will Rogers
You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character. by  Unknown
If you are working on something that you really care about, you dont have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. by  Steve Jobs
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.  Vernon Sanders Law
To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live. by Dorothy West
Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future. by  Tony Robbins
Either you run the day or the day runs you. by  Jim Rohn
Im a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. by  Thomas Jefferson
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. by  Paulo Coelho
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. by  Thomas Edison
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. by  Tony Robbins
It's not about better time management. Its about better life management by  Alexandra of The Productivity Zone
Women challenge the status quo because we are never it. by  Cindy Gallop
We don't just sit around and wait for other people. We just make, and we do. by  Arlan Hamilton
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness. by  Oprah Winfrey
The strongest actions for a woman is to love herself, be herself and shine amongst those who never believed she could. by  Unknown
Whenever you see a successful woman, look out for three men who are going out of their way to try to block her.   Yulia Tymoshenko
Some women choose to follow men, and some choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesnt love you anymore. by  Lady Gaga
The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.    Roseanne Barr
When a woman becomes her own best friend life is easier.   Diane Von Furstenberg
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.   Margaret Thatcher
We need women at all levels, including the top, to change the dynamic, reshape the conversation, to make sure womens' voices are heard and heeded, not overlooked and ignored.   Sheryl Sandberg
It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent.   Madeleine Albright
Women must learn to play the game as men do.   Eleanor Roosevelt
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine. by  Ayn Rand
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior. by  Confucius
Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.   Albert Einstein
One man with courage makes a majority.   Andrew Jackson
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.   Benjamin Disraeli
A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake.   Confucius Kongzi
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.   Dale Carnegie
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.   David Brinkley
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.   Epictetus
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. by  Nelson Mandela
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. by Amelia Earhart
You'll find that education is just about the only thing lying around loose in this world, and its about the only thing a fellow can have as much of as hes willing to haul away. by John Graham
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new. by Augustine Og Mandino
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs, one step at a time. by  Joe Girard
Be a positive energy trampoline   absorb what you need and rebound more back. by  Dave Carolan
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing   that's why we recommend it daily. by  Zig Ziglar
Work until your bank account looks like a phone number. by Unknown
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. by  Oscar Wilde
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day. by  Winnie the Pooh
Life is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it. by  Tom Lehrer
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realise I should have been more specific. by  Lily Tomlin
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships. by  Michael Jordan
Individual commitment to a group effort by that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilisation work. by  Vince Lombardi
Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results. by  Andrew Carnegie
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. by  Henry Ford
Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much. by  Helen Keller
Remember, teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability. by  Patrick Lencioni
I invite everyone to choose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition. by  Jean Francois Cope
When you don't know what to do, just take the first step. The rest will figure itself out naturally. by Beidou
Foolish question. There are only two kinds of things - those that must be done and those that must not. by Raiden Ei