“Not all those who wander are lost.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.” ― St. Augustine
“Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.” ― Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky
“Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.” ― Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad / Roughing It
“A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.” ― Lao Tzu
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” ― Lao Tzu
“A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.” ― Lao Tzu
“It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.” ― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
“Every journey has its final day. Don't rush.” ― Zhongli, Genshin Impact
“The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.” ― Marcel Proust
“I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.” ― Robert Louis Stevenson, Travels with a Donkey in the Cévennes
“What is that feeling when you're driving away from people, and they recede on the plain till you see their specks dispersing? - it's the too-huge world vaulting us, and it's goodbye. But we lean forward to the next crazy venture beneath the skies.” ― Jack Kerouac, On the Road
“Travel brings power and love back into your life.” ― Rumi Jalalud-Din
“Come on Traveler, let's go! The world is full of lost ballads just waiting to be rediscovered!” ― Venti, Genshin Impact
“The destination is not everything. So before you reach the end, keep your eyes open. Use the chance to take in the world around you.” ― Venti, Genshin Impact
“We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.” ― anaïs nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 7: 1966-1974
“Now more than ever do I realize that I will never be content with a sedentary life, that I will always be haunted by thoughts of a sun-drenched elsewhere.”― Isabelle Eberhardt, The Nomad: Diaries of Isabelle Eberhardt
“Travel far enough, you meet yourself.” ― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas
“I read; I travel; I become” ― Derek Walcott
“We leave something of ourselves behind when we leave a place, we stay there, even though we go away. And there are things in us that we can find again only by going back there.” ― Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon
“Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us, or we find it not.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Emerson's Essays


